there's something you need to know.
I know it's hard to believe,
but the doctor is also a Northern spy.
The doctor?
-Dr. Kang is?
-Doctor.
-She's in pain.
-Let me see.
Where does it hurt?
Yes, sir. It's me.
I hope you and I will watch
the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games
next year side by side.
Why were the hostages already released?
Sir.
I swear those 30 hostages
were released under my orders.
I'm keeping them under control.
So don't worry, sir.
I swear on my life I will get my job done
so that I'll be able
to watch the opening ceremony
with you next year, sir.
You bastard!
I told you not to release the hostages!
And you released 30 of them?
I never said I'd follow your orders.
You ignorant, fearless fool.
Do you know who I am?
I don't care, but what's your plan?
You guaranteed
our safe return to the North.
Tell me how you will do that in detail.
When I, Nam Tae-il, say
I'll send you back,
I'll make it happen no matter what!
I don't believe you
and what you said
about sending us back to the North.
Look. The day before the election,
after we rescue all the hostages,
we'll announce that we've killed
all of you. That's the plan!
Kill all of us?
You're going to kill us?
No, we'll fake it.
You agreed to it.
We're just three,
but you'll announce you killed seven?
We'll bring some bodies,
display them with your clothes,
and hide you guys away. No one will know.
If you want to go back alive,
just do as I say.
If you don't,
you can just forget about negotiation.
We have an astronomical amount
of money in our hands.
So much money that the North won't
complain even if we end up killing you!
Your lives are nothing
in front of that money.
Maybe I'll just go in and kill you.
Mr. Eun. Why are you back…
Did you have them shoot at Gang-mu?
How will you explain
once the situation is over?
Explain?
Do I have to?
Don't you know what he's like?
You know he won't just let it go.
His colleagues shot at him, so I'm sure
he found out it's a scheme
for the election.
You think he'll sit back
and do nothing in there?
Mr. Eun's right. He will never let it go.
We'll make him do nothing.
We can just make him stay there forever.
Stay there forever?
Are you saying you'll kill him?
Of course.
He's a troublemaker.
We'll be better off with him dead.
If we say he died
trying to save the students,
it'll improve our agency's image too.
What the hell?
Be honest with me.
Are you willing to kill the students too?
We need to make our boss
win the election for him to attend
the opening ceremony
of the Olympic Games as he wishes.
We're at such a crucial crossroads.